Improve Documentation (#170)
huggingface/optimum: docs/source/pipelines.mdx

# Optimum pipelines for inference

> The [`~pipelines.pipeline`] makes it simple to use models from the [Model Hub](https://huggingface.co/models) for accelerated inference on a variety of tasks such as text classification.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
The [`~pipelines.pipeline`] function makes it simple to use models from the [Model Hub](https://huggingface.co/models) for accelerated inference on a variety of tasks such as text classification.
```

Even if you don't have experience with a specific modality or understand the code powering the models, you can still use them with the [`~pipelines.pipeline`]! This tutorial will teach you to:

<Tip>

> You can also use the [pipeline](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/main_classes/pipelines#pipelines) function from Transformers and provide your `OptimumModel`.

Reviewer: turbo nit for consistency and wasn't sure if `OptimumModel` is a well-defined object:
```suggestion
You can also use the [pipeline()](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/main_classes/pipelines#pipelines) function from Transformers and provide your Optimum model class.
```

## Optimum pipeline usage

> While each task has an associated [`~pipelines.pipeline`], which it is simpler to use the general [`~pipelines.pipeline`] abstraction which contains all the specific task pipelines. 

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
While each task has an associated pipeline class, it is simpler to use the general [`~pipelines.pipeline`] function which wraps all the task-specific pipelines in one object. 
```
